{"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"/README.md","undoManager":{"mark":92,"position":92,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":0,"column":69},"action":"remove","lines":["Data dashboard based on wine reviews from a data set got from Kaggle."],"id":1,"ignore":true},{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":89,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["","#####","# Milestone 2 Project - Data Dashboard","This site is for those interested in data about wine. This dataset was obtained from Kaggle. It contains information about different wines, their origination, province, year. It also has interesting data such as reviews. Reviews contain user names and twitter handles. It is a dynamic dashboard, so users can get accurate up to date information in the click of a button.","","## UX","As this is a dashboard, i chose to use the template of a 'single page application'. This is because the point of the dashboard is so that a user can take one look at the screen and absorb the data that is there. I put 6 graphs on the screen, as this is a good number for a human to absorb information with.","","Although this is a single page application, these types of applications are sometimes thought of to be boring. I wanted to add a twist to the regular dashboard. I added some styling that is not normally seen on these types of applicaitons.","","When the user visits the page they are greeted with the site logo in a very aesthetically pleasing way. It encourages them to scroll, as it has an element of curiosity. This is because the site name is 'Wine not?', which is a question, so indulging the users curiosity. The screen is completely black, so the first instinct would be to scroll.","","The user is then greeted with an introduction to what the site is, so they can understand. Here is a very basic overview of the data available.","","The first graph is a simple graph of different wines by the country. This is easily absorbed by the user and easily understood. The following graphs are slightly more complex.","","The final spread of data, is a list of the reviews, with the reviewer names and twitter handles.","","The user is then shown the TODO site footer, where they can contact the site owners.","","At the top of the charts, there is a counter there for all filters selected, where you can reset by clicking on the button. This is to make it easier to reset to the starting data.","","I chose to use: overflow: hidden on each of the charts so that if the dashboard was displayed on a smaller screen  that the user could just scroll across to view the graph info. This was a workaround to making the dc charts fully responsive.","","I chose not to use a legend with the pie charts, as they are self explanitory and do not require it. It would also make the design look much too bulky.","","###Navigation","To allow users to go to any graph they want, I chose to make the navbar sticky. This means that the user can click on each chart from wherever they are on the page. ","","###Colors","I chose to go with a red color scheme for the charts. This is to tie it in to the 'wine' data set","","","## User Stories","As a wine enthusiast, I want to browse a site with data about wine","As a lover of Sauvignon Blanc, I want to see reviews of this wine","TODO","","## Features","Navbar - From wherever the user is on the page, they can visit each different section of the page. This is sticky so that it is always present wherever the user scrolls.","","Footer - This is a basic footer that contains links to social media.","Charts - ","    BarChart","    PieChart","    Grid","Logo and header","","## Technologies Used","VSCode","HTML","CSS","Bootstrap","Javascript","d3.js","crossfilter","","## Testing","Browsers this site has been tested in: Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome. ","Devices this site has been tested on: Android, iOS.","In order to check that the site behaves as expected on different screen sizes, i used the Chrome Developer Tools changing the size of screen. I also tested on the different devices available in the developer Tools to ensure that they all look as i intended them to.","**After analyzing making d3 charts responsive, it proved too difficult to complete for this project, but is something that should be done in future.","I also used the error window in chrome developer tools ensuring that i there are no issues.","-Hovering over each element to make sure the tooltips work","- I used https://validator.w3.org/ to validate my code thorughout to check that the html is valid","","## Deployment","This site was deployed on github pages. In order to do this, I had to go to the Settings tab, and click deploy.","1. Go to the repository","2. Click Settings","3. Under GitHub Pages, and Source, go to master","","For running this code locally:","1. Go to the repository main page","2. Select Clone with HTTPS","3. Copy link","4. Open git bash in desired directory","5. type git clone and the URL from step 2","6. Press Enter","","## Credits","I got the styling and idea for the logo in the header from: https://codepen.io/FrankieDoodie/pen/dgVGad","## Content","","## Media","The photos used in this site were obtained from google","","## Acknowledgements","Inspiration came from codeinstitute data dashboard exercises",""]}],[{"start":{"row":26,"column":3},"end":{"row":26,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":2}],[{"start":{"row":29,"column":3},"end":{"row":29,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":3}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":0},"end":{"row":36,"column":4},"action":"remove","lines":["TODO"],"id":4}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":0},"end":{"row":36,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["A"],"id":5},{"start":{"row":36,"column":1},"end":{"row":36,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":2},"end":{"row":36,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":6},{"start":{"row":36,"column":3},"end":{"row":36,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":4},"end":{"row":36,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":7},{"start":{"row":36,"column":5},"end":{"row":36,"column":6},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":6},"end":{"row":36,"column":7},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":7},"end":{"row":36,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":8},"end":{"row":36,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":9},"end":{"row":36,"column":10},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":10},"end":{"row":36,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":11},"end":{"row":36,"column":12},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":8},{"start":{"row":36,"column":12},"end":{"row":36,"column":13},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":13},"end":{"row":36,"column":14},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":14},"end":{"row":36,"column":15},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":15},"end":{"row":36,"column":16},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":16},"end":{"row":36,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":17},"end":{"row":36,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":18},"end":{"row":36,"column":19},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":18},"end":{"row":36,"column":19},"action":"remove","lines":["t"],"id":9}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":18},"end":{"row":36,"column":19},"action":"insert","lines":["s"],"id":10},{"start":{"row":36,"column":19},"end":{"row":36,"column":20},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":20},"end":{"row":36,"column":21},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":21},"end":{"row":36,"column":22},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":22},"end":{"row":36,"column":23},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":11},{"start":{"row":36,"column":23},"end":{"row":36,"column":24},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":24},"end":{"row":36,"column":25},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":25},"end":{"row":36,"column":26},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":12},{"start":{"row":36,"column":26},"end":{"row":36,"column":27},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":27},"end":{"row":36,"column":28},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":28},"end":{"row":36,"column":29},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":29},"end":{"row":36,"column":30},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":30},"end":{"row":36,"column":31},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":31},"end":{"row":36,"column":32},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":32},"end":{"row":36,"column":33},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":33},"end":{"row":36,"column":34},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":34},"end":{"row":36,"column":35},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":35},"end":{"row":36,"column":36},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":36},"end":{"row":36,"column":37},"action":"insert","lines":[","],"id":13}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":37},"end":{"row":36,"column":38},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":14},{"start":{"row":36,"column":38},"end":{"row":36,"column":39},"action":"insert","lines":["I"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":39},"end":{"row":36,"column":40},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":15},{"start":{"row":36,"column":40},"end":{"row":36,"column":41},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":41},"end":{"row":36,"column":42},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":42},"end":{"row":36,"column":43},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":43},"end":{"row":36,"column":44},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":44},"end":{"row":36,"column":45},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":45},"end":{"row":36,"column":46},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":16},{"start":{"row":36,"column":46},"end":{"row":36,"column":47},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":47},"end":{"row":36,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":48},"end":{"row":36,"column":49},"action":"insert","lines":["k"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":49},"end":{"row":36,"column":50},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":50},"end":{"row":36,"column":51},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":50},"end":{"row":36,"column":51},"action":"remove","lines":["t"],"id":17}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":50},"end":{"row":36,"column":51},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":18},{"start":{"row":36,"column":51},"end":{"row":36,"column":52},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":52},"end":{"row":36,"column":53},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":53},"end":{"row":36,"column":54},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":19},{"start":{"row":36,"column":54},"end":{"row":36,"column":55},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":55},"end":{"row":36,"column":56},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":56},"end":{"row":36,"column":57},"action":"insert","lines":["e"],"id":20}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":57},"end":{"row":36,"column":58},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":21}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":58},"end":{"row":36,"column":59},"action":"insert","lines":["h"],"id":22},{"start":{"row":36,"column":59},"end":{"row":36,"column":60},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":60},"end":{"row":36,"column":61},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":61},"end":{"row":36,"column":62},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":23},{"start":{"row":36,"column":62},"end":{"row":36,"column":63},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":63},"end":{"row":36,"column":64},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":64},"end":{"row":36,"column":65},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":65},"end":{"row":36,"column":66},"action":"insert","lines":["y"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":66},"end":{"row":36,"column":67},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":24},{"start":{"row":36,"column":67},"end":{"row":36,"column":68},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":68},"end":{"row":36,"column":69},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":69},"end":{"row":36,"column":70},"action":"insert","lines":["v"],"id":25},{"start":{"row":36,"column":70},"end":{"row":36,"column":71},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":71},"end":{"row":36,"column":72},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":72},"end":{"row":36,"column":73},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":73},"end":{"row":36,"column":74},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":73},"end":{"row":36,"column":74},"action":"remove","lines":["s"],"id":26},{"start":{"row":36,"column":72},"end":{"row":36,"column":73},"action":"remove","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":71},"end":{"row":36,"column":72},"action":"remove","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":70},"end":{"row":36,"column":71},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":70},"end":{"row":36,"column":71},"action":"insert","lines":["i"],"id":27},{"start":{"row":36,"column":71},"end":{"row":36,"column":72},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":72},"end":{"row":36,"column":73},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":73},"end":{"row":36,"column":74},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":74},"end":{"row":36,"column":75},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":28},{"start":{"row":36,"column":75},"end":{"row":36,"column":76},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":76},"end":{"row":36,"column":77},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":77},"end":{"row":36,"column":78},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":29},{"start":{"row":36,"column":78},"end":{"row":36,"column":79},"action":"insert","lines":["P"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":79},"end":{"row":36,"column":80},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":80},"end":{"row":36,"column":81},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":81},"end":{"row":36,"column":82},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":82},"end":{"row":36,"column":83},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":83},"end":{"row":36,"column":84},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":30},{"start":{"row":36,"column":84},"end":{"row":36,"column":85},"action":"insert","lines":["N"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":85},"end":{"row":36,"column":86},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":86},"end":{"row":36,"column":87},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":36,"column":87},"end":{"row":36,"column":88},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":36,"column":88},"end":{"row":36,"column":89},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":31}],[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":46,"column":10},"action":"remove","lines":["Data dashboard based on wine reviews from a data set got from Kaggle.",null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null," in the US",null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,null,"Logo and h"],"id":41},{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":89,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["","#####","# Milestone 2 Project - Data Dashboard","This site is for those interested in data about wine. This dataset was obtained from Kaggle. It contains information about different wines, their origination, province, year. It also has interesting data such as reviews. Reviews contain user names and twitter handles. It is a dynamic dashboard, so users can get accurate up to date information in the click of a button.","","## UX","As this is a dashboard, i chose to use the template of a 'single page application'. This is because the point of the dashboard is so that a user can take one look at the screen and absorb the data that is there. I put 6 graphs on the screen, as this is a good number for a human to absorb information with.","","Although this is a single page application, these types of applications are sometimes thought of to be boring. I wanted to add a twist to the regular dashboard. I added some styling that is not normally seen on these types of applicaitons.","","When the user visits the page they are greeted with the site logo in a very aesthetically pleasing way. It encourages them to scroll, as it has an element of curiosity. This is because the site name is 'Wine not?', which is a question, so indulging the users curiosity. The screen is completely black, so the first instinct would be to scroll.","","The user is then greeted with an introduction to what the site is, so they can understand. Here is a very basic overview of the data available.","","The first graph is a simple graph of different wines by the country. This is easily absorbed by the user and easily understood. The following graphs are slightly more complex.","","The final spread of data, is a list of the reviews, with the reviewer names and twitter handles.","","The user is then shown the TODO site footer, where they can contact the site owners.","","At the top of the charts, there is a counter there for all filters selected, where you can reset by clicking on the button. This is to make it easier to reset to the starting data.","","I chose to use: overflow: hidden on each of the charts so that if the dashboard was displayed on a smaller screen  that the user could just scroll across to view the graph info. This was a workaround to making the dc charts fully responsive.","","I chose not to use a legend with the pie charts, as they are self explanitory and do not require it. It would also make the design look much too bulky.","","###Navigation","To allow users to go to any graph they want, I chose to make the navbar sticky. This means that the user can click on each chart from wherever they are on the page. ","","###Colors","I chose to go with a red color scheme for the charts. This is to tie it in to the 'wine' data set","","","## User Stories","As a wine enthusiast, I want to browse a site with data about wine","As a lover of Sauvignon Blanc, I want to see reviews of this wine","TODO","","## Features","Navbar - From wherever the user is on the page, they can visit each different section of the page. This is sticky so that it is always present wherever the user scrolls.","","Footer - This is a basic footer that contains links to social media.","Charts - ","    BarChart","    PieChart","    Grid","Logo and header","","## Technologies Used","VSCode","HTML","CSS","Bootstrap","Javascript","d3.js","crossfilter","","## Testing","Browsers this site has been tested in: Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome. ","Devices this site has been tested on: Android, iOS.","In order to check that the site behaves as expected on different screen sizes, i used the Chrome Developer Tools changing the size of screen. I also tested on the different devices available in the developer Tools to ensure that they all look as i intended them to.","**After analyzing making d3 charts responsive, it proved too difficult to complete for this project, but is something that should be done in future.","I also used the error window in chrome developer tools ensuring that i there are no issues.","-Hovering over each element to make sure the tooltips work","- I used https://validator.w3.org/ to validate my code thorughout to check that the html is valid","","## Deployment","This site was deployed on github pages. In order to do this, I had to go to the Settings tab, and click deploy.","1. Go to the repository","2. Click Settings","3. Under GitHub Pages, and Source, go to master","","For running this code locally:","1. Go to the repository main page","2. Select Clone with HTTPS","3. Copy link","4. Open git bash in desired directory","5. type git clone and the URL from step 2","6. Press Enter","","## Credits","I got the styling and idea for the logo in the header from: https://codepen.io/FrankieDoodie/pen/dgVGad","## Content","","## Media","The photos used in this site were obtained from google","","## Acknowledgements","Inspiration came from codeinstitute data dashboard exercises",""]}],[{"start":{"row":30,"column":97},"end":{"row":31,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":42},{"start":{"row":31,"column":0},"end":{"row":32,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":0},"end":{"row":32,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["#"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":1},"end":{"row":32,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":["#"]}],[{"start":{"row":32,"column":2},"end":{"row":32,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["#"],"id":43},{"start":{"row":32,"column":3},"end":{"row":32,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]}],[{"start":{"row":32,"column":3},"end":{"row":32,"column":4},"action":"remove","lines":["f"],"id":44}],[{"start":{"row":32,"column":3},"end":{"row":32,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":["F"],"id":45}],[{"start":{"row":32,"column":3},"end":{"row":32,"column":4},"action":"remove","lines":["F"],"id":46}],[{"start":{"row":32,"column":3},"end":{"row":32,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":47},{"start":{"row":32,"column":4},"end":{"row":32,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":["F"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":5},"end":{"row":32,"column":6},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":6},"end":{"row":32,"column":7},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":7},"end":{"row":32,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":8},"end":{"row":32,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":9},"end":{"row":32,"column":10},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":10},"end":{"row":32,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":32,"column":11},"end":{"row":32,"column":12},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":48},{"start":{"row":32,"column":12},"end":{"row":32,"column":13},"action":"insert","lines":["D"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":13},"end":{"row":32,"column":14},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":14},"end":{"row":32,"column":15},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":15},"end":{"row":32,"column":16},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":16},"end":{"row":32,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":17},"end":{"row":32,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":["v"]},{"start":{"row":32,"column":18},"end":{"row":32,"column":19},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":32,"column":19},"end":{"row":32,"column":20},"action":"insert","lines":["r"],"id":49},{"start":{"row":32,"column":20},"end":{"row":32,"column":21},"action":"insert","lines":["y"]}],[{"start":{"row":32,"column":21},"end":{"row":33,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":50}],[{"start":{"row":33,"column":0},"end":{"row":33,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":51}],[{"start":{"row":33,"column":1},"end":{"row":33,"column":58},"action":"insert","lines":["https://mdbootstrap.com/snippets/jquery/pjoter-2-0/780079"],"id":52}],[{"start":{"row":33,"column":58},"end":{"row":34,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":53},{"start":{"row":34,"column":0},"end":{"row":34,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":34,"column":1},"end":{"row":35,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":0},"end":{"row":35,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":[" "]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":0},"end":{"row":35,"column":1},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":54}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":0},"end":{"row":35,"column":1},"action":"insert","lines":["I"],"id":55}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":1},"end":{"row":35,"column":2},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":56},{"start":{"row":35,"column":2},"end":{"row":35,"column":3},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":3},"end":{"row":35,"column":4},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":4},"end":{"row":35,"column":5},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":5},"end":{"row":35,"column":6},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":6},"end":{"row":35,"column":7},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":7},"end":{"row":35,"column":8},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":8},"end":{"row":35,"column":9},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":57},{"start":{"row":35,"column":9},"end":{"row":35,"column":10},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":10},"end":{"row":35,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":10},"end":{"row":35,"column":11},"action":"remove","lines":["t"],"id":58},{"start":{"row":35,"column":9},"end":{"row":35,"column":10},"action":"remove","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":9},"end":{"row":35,"column":10},"action":"insert","lines":["t"],"id":59},{"start":{"row":35,"column":10},"end":{"row":35,"column":11},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":11},"end":{"row":35,"column":12},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":60},{"start":{"row":35,"column":12},"end":{"row":35,"column":13},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":13},"end":{"row":35,"column":14},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":14},"end":{"row":35,"column":15},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":15},"end":{"row":35,"column":16},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":61},{"start":{"row":35,"column":16},"end":{"row":35,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":17},"end":{"row":35,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":18},"end":{"row":35,"column":19},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":19},"end":{"row":35,"column":20},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":20},"end":{"row":35,"column":21},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":21},"end":{"row":35,"column":22},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":21},"end":{"row":35,"column":22},"action":"remove","lines":["i"],"id":62},{"start":{"row":35,"column":20},"end":{"row":35,"column":21},"action":"remove","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":19},"end":{"row":35,"column":20},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":18},"end":{"row":35,"column":19},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":17},"end":{"row":35,"column":18},"action":"remove","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":16},"end":{"row":35,"column":17},"action":"remove","lines":["m"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":16},"end":{"row":35,"column":17},"action":"insert","lines":["b"],"id":63},{"start":{"row":35,"column":17},"end":{"row":35,"column":18},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":18},"end":{"row":35,"column":19},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":19},"end":{"row":35,"column":20},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":20},"end":{"row":35,"column":21},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":21},"end":{"row":35,"column":22},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":22},"end":{"row":35,"column":23},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":23},"end":{"row":35,"column":24},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":24},"end":{"row":35,"column":25},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":25},"end":{"row":35,"column":26},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":64},{"start":{"row":35,"column":26},"end":{"row":35,"column":27},"action":"insert","lines":["v"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":27},"end":{"row":35,"column":28},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":28},"end":{"row":35,"column":29},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":29},"end":{"row":35,"column":30},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":30},"end":{"row":35,"column":31},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":31},"end":{"row":35,"column":32},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":32},"end":{"row":35,"column":33},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":33},"end":{"row":35,"column":34},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":65},{"start":{"row":35,"column":34},"end":{"row":35,"column":35},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":35},"end":{"row":35,"column":36},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":36},"end":{"row":35,"column":37},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":66},{"start":{"row":35,"column":37},"end":{"row":35,"column":38},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":38},"end":{"row":35,"column":39},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":39},"end":{"row":35,"column":40},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":40},"end":{"row":35,"column":41},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":67},{"start":{"row":35,"column":41},"end":{"row":35,"column":42},"action":"insert","lines":["F"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":42},"end":{"row":35,"column":43},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":43},"end":{"row":35,"column":44},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":44},"end":{"row":35,"column":45},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":45},"end":{"row":35,"column":46},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":46},"end":{"row":35,"column":47},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":47},"end":{"row":35,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":41},"end":{"row":35,"column":48},"action":"remove","lines":["Feature"],"id":68},{"start":{"row":35,"column":41},"end":{"row":35,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":["Feature"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":48},"end":{"row":35,"column":49},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":69},{"start":{"row":35,"column":49},"end":{"row":35,"column":50},"action":"insert","lines":["D"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":50},"end":{"row":35,"column":51},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":51},"end":{"row":35,"column":52},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":52},"end":{"row":35,"column":53},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":53},"end":{"row":35,"column":54},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":54},"end":{"row":35,"column":55},"action":"insert","lines":["v"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":55},"end":{"row":35,"column":56},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":56},"end":{"row":35,"column":57},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":57},"end":{"row":35,"column":58},"action":"insert","lines":["y"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":58},"end":{"row":35,"column":59},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":70},{"start":{"row":35,"column":59},"end":{"row":35,"column":60},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":60},"end":{"row":35,"column":61},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":61},"end":{"row":35,"column":62},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":62},"end":{"row":35,"column":63},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":63},"end":{"row":35,"column":64},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":71},{"start":{"row":35,"column":64},"end":{"row":35,"column":65},"action":"insert","lines":["M"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":65},"end":{"row":35,"column":66},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":66},"end":{"row":35,"column":67},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":67},"end":{"row":35,"column":68},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":68},"end":{"row":35,"column":69},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":69},"end":{"row":35,"column":70},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":70},"end":{"row":35,"column":71},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":71},"end":{"row":35,"column":72},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":71},"end":{"row":35,"column":72},"action":"remove","lines":["a"],"id":72},{"start":{"row":35,"column":70},"end":{"row":35,"column":71},"action":"remove","lines":["u"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":70},"end":{"row":35,"column":71},"action":"insert","lines":["a"],"id":73},{"start":{"row":35,"column":71},"end":{"row":35,"column":72},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":72},"end":{"row":35,"column":73},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":73},"end":{"row":35,"column":74},"action":"insert","lines":["z"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":74},"end":{"row":35,"column":75},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":75},"end":{"row":35,"column":76},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":74},{"start":{"row":35,"column":76},"end":{"row":35,"column":77},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":77},"end":{"row":35,"column":78},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":78},"end":{"row":35,"column":79},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":79},"end":{"row":35,"column":80},"action":"insert","lines":["."]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":80},"end":{"row":35,"column":81},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":75},{"start":{"row":35,"column":81},"end":{"row":35,"column":82},"action":"insert","lines":["T"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":82},"end":{"row":35,"column":83},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":83},"end":{"row":35,"column":84},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":84},"end":{"row":35,"column":85},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":85},"end":{"row":35,"column":86},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":86},"end":{"row":35,"column":87},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":76},{"start":{"row":35,"column":87},"end":{"row":35,"column":88},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":88},"end":{"row":35,"column":89},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":89},"end":{"row":35,"column":90},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":77},{"start":{"row":35,"column":90},"end":{"row":35,"column":91},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":91},"end":{"row":35,"column":92},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":92},"end":{"row":35,"column":93},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":78},{"start":{"row":35,"column":93},"end":{"row":35,"column":94},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":94},"end":{"row":35,"column":95},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":95},"end":{"row":35,"column":96},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":96},"end":{"row":35,"column":97},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":97},"end":{"row":35,"column":98},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":98},"end":{"row":35,"column":99},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":99},"end":{"row":35,"column":100},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":100},"end":{"row":35,"column":101},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":79},{"start":{"row":35,"column":101},"end":{"row":35,"column":102},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":102},"end":{"row":35,"column":103},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":103},"end":{"row":35,"column":104},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":104},"end":{"row":35,"column":105},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":80},{"start":{"row":35,"column":105},"end":{"row":35,"column":106},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":106},"end":{"row":35,"column":107},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":107},"end":{"row":35,"column":108},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":108},"end":{"row":35,"column":109},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":109},"end":{"row":35,"column":110},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":110},"end":{"row":35,"column":111},"action":"insert","lines":[","]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":111},"end":{"row":35,"column":112},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":81},{"start":{"row":35,"column":112},"end":{"row":35,"column":113},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":113},"end":{"row":35,"column":114},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":114},"end":{"row":35,"column":115},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":115},"end":{"row":35,"column":116},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":82},{"start":{"row":35,"column":116},"end":{"row":35,"column":117},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":117},"end":{"row":35,"column":118},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":118},"end":{"row":35,"column":119},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":119},"end":{"row":35,"column":120},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":120},"end":{"row":35,"column":121},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":121},"end":{"row":35,"column":122},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":83},{"start":{"row":35,"column":122},"end":{"row":35,"column":123},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":123},"end":{"row":35,"column":124},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":124},"end":{"row":35,"column":125},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":125},"end":{"row":35,"column":126},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":84},{"start":{"row":35,"column":126},"end":{"row":35,"column":127},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":127},"end":{"row":35,"column":128},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":85},{"start":{"row":35,"column":128},"end":{"row":35,"column":129},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":129},"end":{"row":35,"column":130},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":130},"end":{"row":35,"column":131},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":131},"end":{"row":35,"column":132},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":132},"end":{"row":35,"column":133},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":133},"end":{"row":35,"column":134},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":134},"end":{"row":35,"column":135},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":134},"end":{"row":35,"column":135},"action":"remove","lines":["d"],"id":86}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":134},"end":{"row":35,"column":135},"action":"insert","lines":["t"],"id":87}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":135},"end":{"row":35,"column":136},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":88},{"start":{"row":35,"column":136},"end":{"row":35,"column":137},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":137},"end":{"row":35,"column":138},"action":"insert","lines":["y"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":138},"end":{"row":35,"column":139},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":89},{"start":{"row":35,"column":139},"end":{"row":35,"column":140},"action":"insert","lines":["P"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":140},"end":{"row":35,"column":141},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":141},"end":{"row":35,"column":142},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":142},"end":{"row":35,"column":143},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":143},"end":{"row":35,"column":144},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":144},"end":{"row":35,"column":145},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":90},{"start":{"row":35,"column":145},"end":{"row":35,"column":146},"action":"insert","lines":["O"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":146},"end":{"row":35,"column":147},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":147},"end":{"row":35,"column":148},"action":"insert","lines":["j"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":148},"end":{"row":35,"column":149},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":149},"end":{"row":35,"column":150},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":150},"end":{"row":35,"column":151},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":151},"end":{"row":35,"column":152},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":152},"end":{"row":35,"column":153},"action":"insert","lines":["k"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":153},"end":{"row":35,"column":154},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":154},"end":{"row":35,"column":155},"action":"insert","lines":[","]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":155},"end":{"row":35,"column":156},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":91},{"start":{"row":35,"column":156},"end":{"row":35,"column":157},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":157},"end":{"row":35,"column":158},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":158},"end":{"row":35,"column":159},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":92},{"start":{"row":35,"column":159},"end":{"row":35,"column":160},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":160},"end":{"row":35,"column":161},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":161},"end":{"row":35,"column":162},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":162},"end":{"row":35,"column":163},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":163},"end":{"row":35,"column":164},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":93},{"start":{"row":35,"column":164},"end":{"row":35,"column":165},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":165},"end":{"row":35,"column":166},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":166},"end":{"row":35,"column":167},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":167},"end":{"row":35,"column":168},"action":"insert","lines":["k"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":168},"end":{"row":35,"column":169},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":94}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":169},"end":{"row":35,"column":170},"action":"insert","lines":["t"],"id":95},{"start":{"row":35,"column":170},"end":{"row":35,"column":171},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":171},"end":{"row":35,"column":172},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":172},"end":{"row":35,"column":173},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":173},"end":{"row":35,"column":174},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":96},{"start":{"row":35,"column":174},"end":{"row":35,"column":175},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":175},"end":{"row":35,"column":176},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":176},"end":{"row":35,"column":177},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":97},{"start":{"row":35,"column":177},"end":{"row":35,"column":178},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":178},"end":{"row":35,"column":179},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":179},"end":{"row":35,"column":180},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":180},"end":{"row":35,"column":181},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":181},"end":{"row":35,"column":182},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":182},"end":{"row":35,"column":183},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":183},"end":{"row":35,"column":184},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":184},"end":{"row":35,"column":185},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":98},{"start":{"row":35,"column":185},"end":{"row":35,"column":186},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":186},"end":{"row":35,"column":187},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":187},"end":{"row":35,"column":188},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":99},{"start":{"row":35,"column":188},"end":{"row":35,"column":189},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":189},"end":{"row":35,"column":190},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":190},"end":{"row":35,"column":191},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":191},"end":{"row":35,"column":192},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":192},"end":{"row":35,"column":193},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":100},{"start":{"row":35,"column":193},"end":{"row":35,"column":194},"action":"insert","lines":["I"]}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":194},"end":{"row":35,"column":195},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":101},{"start":{"row":35,"column":195},"end":{"row":35,"column":196},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":196},"end":{"row":35,"column":197},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":197},"end":{"row":35,"column":198},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":198},"end":{"row":35,"column":199},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":199},"end":{"row":35,"column":200},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":200},"end":{"row":35,"column":201},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":35,"column":201},"end":{"row":35,"column":202},"action":"insert","lines":["."]}],[{"start":{"row":32,"column":0},"end":{"row":37,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["### Feature Discovery"," https://mdbootstrap.com/snippets/jquery/pjoter-2-0/780079"," ","I wanted to use bootstrap version of the Feature Discovery that Materialize has. There is no feature out there, but there was a snappet by Piotr Objrebski, in this link that is similar to what I wanted.","",""],"id":102}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":180,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":32,"column":0},"end":{"row":32,"column":0},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":{"row":8,"state":"start","mode":"ace/mode/markdown"}},"timestamp":1574086324355,"hash":"8b7bb16f0956aa4e50c36f0b9c437cc780cf6f69"}